README.md, before:

Developer CMD Starter Suite
==================================
Developer CMD Starter Suite, also known as DCSS, is a suite of basic system commands and scans that can be executed with a single click or double-click of a button. The suite includes various features, such as a CHKDSK scan of your primary drive (C:), an SFC quick scan, and more, that eliminate the need for manually typing basic commands and help you get started quickly.

All commands in DCSS are in BATCH format, which makes it possible to automate them.

Instructions
=================================
To use the latest version of the DCSS, you need to click on the LATEST RELEASE, and click the DCSS zip file attached. If you encounter some problems you can download the source code for an older, stripped down version of DCSS that is confirmed stable.

If you want to use older versions of the DCSS (BETA and 1.0.x), download their respective source code zip files attached in their releases.

Here are the steps to use DCSS:

Download the respective ZIP file.
Run the BATCH files you want to execute. If any file needs administrator rights to run, it will be marked with "_admin".
Each file is named after the command it executes.

Extras
=================================

Please note that the project is not yet complete and has been released for feedback and contributions. It is not intended for full consumer use. If you find DCSS useful, please provide your feedback by emailing skorperxrad@outlook.com. Please do not spam.

You can contribute to the project, but please avoid messing up the repository. Only include simple but useful commands.

All files in DCSS are released under the MIT Open Source License. For more information, visit https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT.

Commit message:

added instructions for GUI demo

README.md, after:

Developer CMD Starter Suite
==================================
Developer CMD Starter Suite, also known as DCSS, is a suite of basic system commands and scans that can be executed with a single click or double-click of a button. The suite includes various features, such as a CHKDSK scan of your primary drive (C:), an SFC quick scan, and more, that eliminate the need for manually typing basic commands and help you get started quickly.

All commands in DCSS are in BATCH format, which makes it possible to automate them.

Instructions (Main DCSS CMD Pack)
=================================
To use the latest version of the DCSS, you need to click on the LATEST RELEASE, and click the DCSS zip file attached. If you encounter some problems you can download the source code for an older, stripped down version of DCSS that is confirmed stable.

If you want to use older versions of the DCSS (BETA and 1.0.x), download their respective source code zip files attached in their releases.

Here are the steps to use DCSS:

Download the respective ZIP file.
Run the BATCH files you want to execute. If any file needs administrator rights to run, it will be marked with "_admin".
Each file is named after the command it executes.

GUI DEMO INSTRUCTIONS
=================================
Run the GUI demo in its folder. Make sure you have Python 3.x and Tkinter installed. Click one of the three available commands to run from the GUI Demo: ASSOC, HELP, or HOSTNAME. We will add support for more commands soon. You may also wish to try the button that links back to this repository by pressing "My Github Reposity". This is just a rough DEMO of what a future GUI for the DCSS can look like. Comments and suggestions for the GUI demo, as with any aspect of the DCSS project, are always welcome.

Extras
=================================

Please note that the project is not yet complete and has been released for feedback and contributions. It is not intended for full consumer use. If you find DCSS useful, please provide your feedback by emailing skorperxrad@outlook.com. Please do not spam.

You can contribute to the project, but please avoid messing up the repository. Only include simple but useful commands.

All files in DCSS are released under the MIT Open Source License. For more information, visit https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT.
